README.md, before:

# Recap

## How it Started
Ok, how this thing started.

Currently I struggle to call an ink! contract from a frontend.  
A friend reccomended me polkadot.study  
I created an Issue to make tiny frontend for  a preexisting ink tutorial that i really like.  
I suggested a Tutorial with such an outline
- Figma
- HTML
- CSS
- TS
- Framework

## Process

I like 
- first do then think.  
- Start small build on top of it.  
- One thing after antother.  

So my process is the following.  
**I pressed start and see what happend.**

1. Setting up an enviroment
    - Escpecially with ink! its crucial
    - Download VirtualBox
    - Download Pop OS
    - Install Pop OS
    - Install all necessary tooling

2. Create an Contract
    - Basic Commands
    - Rewrite to inkrementer Contract
    - Call via CLI
    - Call via UI

3. Create a frontend.
    - Create index.html
    - style page
    - add script section
    - compile manually .ts to .js

4. Dive into PolkadotJS api
    -  Go to the polkadot JS Docs 
    -  Start with page A end with page Z
    -  Got 4 Section, each sperated in some subsection

5. Add Framework
    - Rewrite Section alias components into Reactive Componets with Vue
    - Rewrite Components in .vue Compoents
    - Rearange it
    - Add store
    - Add views
    - Add simple routing

>I recorded it.  
In the comment Section there should be Timestamps.  
The Nameing of the Timestampe should give a bit more insight.  
[YT-Link](https://youtu.be/pxkwScapyJQ)


## Reflect

-- Comming Soon --

Commit message:

:zap: (./frontend) add working contract call

README.md, after:

# Working with PolkadotJS API

This Repo is a little Rundown of How to interact with an ink! Contract via PolkadotJs.  
I started simple, went thruh all relevant features of PolkadotJS.  
After I had the rundown, i made it a bit more nicer and added Vue.  
In the end i figured out how to make actually the Smart Contract Call and added it.  

See the **HelloWorld.vue** Component for How to interact with a deployed Smart contract.

### Showcase

1. Setting up an enviroment
    - Escpecially with ink! its crucial
    - Download VirtualBox
    - Download Pop OS
    - Install Pop OS
    - Install all necessary tooling  

2. Create an Contract
    - Basic Commands
    - Rewrite to inkrementer Contract
    - Call via CLI
    - Call via UI

3. Create a frontend.
    - Create index.html
    - style page
    - add script section
    - compile manually .ts to .js

4. Dive into PolkadotJS api
    -  Go to the polkadot JS Docs 
    -  Start with page A end with page Z
    -  Got 4 Section, each sperated in some subsection

5. Add Framework
    - Rewrite Section alias components into Reactive Componets with Vue
    - Rewrite Components in .vue Compoents
    - Rearange it
    - Add store
    - Add views
    - Add simple routing

6. Make SmartContract Call work

### Contact

If you find this Repo and have questions just contact me.

|Media|Address|
|:-|:-|
|Email|`frank_dierolf@web.de`|
|Discord|`FrankBevr`|
